'Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the net
All the miners a-whirring, even Arduino once set.
The pay-to-script hashes were set up with care,
in hopes that entropy soon would be theirs.

The doge were posting all cute in their memes,
while visions of moon landings played out in their themes.
The speculators with their charts, and I with my stash,
Transactions and messages, we all did hash.

When out on the free net there arose such a clatter,
I fired up my Tor client to see what was the matter.
On to IRC I authenticated with my key,
my chat rooms they opened to find what I could see.

The messages of "moon" flew past with such haste,
I could only conclude that it was all copy paste.
The news, it had landed, I could not believe!
Governments to dissolve, the world to be freed!

With my warm little Trezor, so lively and quick,
I thought for a moment that it must be a trick.
Faster than fiber, the prices did rise,
It must be true, the free markets did surmise!

They had drafted a BitMessage, to the banks it had been spread,
"We reject your debt-backed money," it even said!
It was happening, I just couldn't believe, 
Yet there was the signature, the President's own GPG.

"Of Turing and Zimmerman, of Diffie and Hellman,
Of Koblitz and Miller, and Merkle alike!
Of Rothbard and Mises, of Bastiat and Hayek,
Of course Böhm-Bawerk I too like.
Of Orwell, of Huxley, and Bradbury too,
Of Gibson and Stephenson, the futures you all knew.
Of Back, of Szabo, and all in between,
Satoshi is in all of us, it does in fact seem.

These ideas were sound, we do finally see,
Let the future of humanity be entirely free."

With face aghast, it was there I sat,
What had been written, it couldn't be that!
Charlie and Ross, all charges they dropped,
Manning and Assange, their message not forgot.

All cabals disbanded, all assets to be released,
Media, Health, and Education – free markets, no longer policed.
To speak our minds, share our thoughts and no longer protect,
Finally free speech for all, on this new Internet.

All trade to be freed, no crimes to be had,
No permission to seek, no laws to make us mad.
Central planning gone wrong, the people would fix,
As once and for all, we'd finally mix.

Just like that, with the click of a mouse,
Outwards like wildfire, the governments did espouse.
One by one, they followed the lead,
Onwards to liberty, they marched with speed.

They stepped out of the way of the people's desires,
The smaller they became, the fewer the fires.
Until after it was all said and done,
No more states, no more wars to be won.

I thought back, to when it all happened,
The idea of authority, it got me a-laughin'.
As I sat there thinking, in the month of December,
That it's history we must always remember.

Weary and tired we were, quite a long road it had been, 
But vindicated we became, as someone clicked "send".
For liberty is action, free from constraint,
Within the limits of our peers, not laws someone did paint.
